---
layout: post
title: Research Week Three
description: Research for React and Node
image: assets/images/pic02.jpg
---

Part 1

﻿Time management has been okay this week, I wish I had more time fore my project but with the quizzes, research and jekyll it has been a little rough. I can use the Github Classroom Projects setup to better manage time by having it organized. 

﻿The biggest technical challenge now is remembering what all the code does in my old project and bring that up to speed with what I have learned. I am finding the older code needs a lot of rework. I did get the server up and running on it, I have yet to sequelize the database for this week. Hopefully the three days will be enough. 

﻿I did research on Node and documentation this week, along with eslint, I tried to add that to my project which was a horrible idea, luckily I could go back a commit because it broke the app completely when I ran eslint. 

﻿With the quiz as practice, I think this week will go a lot smoother with hooking up the database, I don't think I will be able to get everything I wanted done but I hope to get most of it. 

﻿Part 2

﻿I advantage of using Github pages is the templating. It makes it easy to add styling to a static site. A disadvantage would be just having to learn something new I guess, there is always a different way to do different templates. I watch two online tutorials for Github Pages, both were youtube but they were hard to follow, they were not professionally done in anyway. 